Document precompiled MacOS packages. (#272)
zeek/spicy: doc/installation.rst

    brew install --HEAD spicy

.. _prebuilt_macos:

.. rubric:: Pre-built binaries

We also provide :download:`pre-built binaries <https://api.cirrus-ci.com/v1/artifact/github/zeek/spicy/macos_release/packages/build/spicy-darwin.tar.gz>`.
To prevent MacOS from quarantining the files, you should download and unpack
with the command line, e.g.::

    curl -L https://api.cirrus-ci.com/v1/artifact/github/zeek/spicy/macos_release/packages/build/spicy-darwin.tar.gz -o spicy-darwin.tar.gz
    tar xf spicy-darwin.tar.gz

> These binaries require LLVM, and to run ``spicyz`` Zeek::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These binaries require LLVM, and Zeek if you want to use the Spicy plugin for it::
```

    brew install llvm

>     brew install zeek  # for spicyz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    brew install zeek  # for Zeek integration
```
